@deffn Function function_convert (@var{expr}, @var{f => g}, @dots{})
Apply one or more function-conversion rules to the expression @var{expr}.
A conversion rule has the form @code{f => g}, where @code{f} is the
source function and @code{g} is either a target function name or a
lambda expression.

The operator @code{=>} indicates a @emph{semantic} conversion, not a
literal renaming.  For example, the rule @code{sinc => sin} does not
replace the symbol @code{sinc} by @code{sin}.  Instead, it applies the
built-in identity

@example
sinc(x) = sin(x)/x
@end example

so that occurrences of @code{sinc(x)} in @var{expr} are rewritten as
@code{sin(x)/x}.

Users may also supply an explicit conversion by giving a lambda
expression on the right-hand side.  For example:

@example
function_convert (expr, f => lambda([u], g(u)^2))
@end example

rewrites each call @code{f(u)} in @var{expr} to @code{g(u)^2}.

Multiple conversions may be given; they are applied from left to right.

@itemize @bullet
@item
@code{f} and @code{g} may be given as symbols or strings.
@item
If @code{g} is a lambda expression, it must accept exactly one argument.
@item
Malformed conversion rules cause an error.
@end itemize

@strong{Examples}

@example
(%i1) function_convert (sinc(3*x), sinc => sin);
(%o1) sin(3*x)/(3*x)

(%i2) function_convert (f(a) + f(b),
                        f => lambda([u], u^2 + 1));
(%o2) a^2 + 1 + b^2 + 1
@end example

@end deffn

@deffn Function list_converters
Return a human-readable listing of all currently registered function
converters known to @code{function_convert}.  Each converter is shown
as a pair @code{FROM => TO} followed by a short description taken from
the converter's docstring.

The output is intended for inspection.  It does not modify the converter table.

@example
(%i1) list_converters();
sinc => sin : Convert sinc(x) into sin(x)/x.
csc => sin : Convert csc(x) into 1/sin(x).
cos => exp : Convert cos(x) to exponential form.
tan => sin : Convert tan(x) into sin(x)/cos(x).
sin => exp : Convert sin(x) to exponential form.
factorial => gamma : Convert x! into gamma(1+x).
(%o1)                         done
@end example

The list of converters is maintained internally in a hash table.
Entries appear in an unspecified order.  Each converter corresponds to
a function defined with @code{define-function-converter} or added by
the system at load time.

@seealso{function_convert}
@end deffn